Add note about llama (#29379)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/search.md

## Natural language queries

> <div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Built with Llama</strong>: Natural langauge querying is powered by Llama.<br> Natural language queries for Logs is in Preview. To access this feature, request through <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/natural-language-queries-for-logs/">this form</a>.</div>

Author: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info"><strong>Built with Llama</strong>, Natural Language Queries (NLQ) for Logs is in Preview. To access this feature, request through <a href="https://www.datadoghq.com/product-preview/natural-language-queries-for-logs/">this form</a>.</div>
```
